feat: add ktruncate component [KHCP-5895] (#1097)
Kong/kongponents: docs/components/truncate.md

# Truncate

**KTruncate** - A Kongponent that limits content to a specific number of lines and provides controls to expand or collapse it.

<KCard>
  <template v-slot:body>
    <KTruncate>
      <KBadge v-for="n in 25" :key="n">
        Item {{ n }}
      </KBadge>
    </KTruncate>
  </template>
</KCard>

```html
<template>
  <KTruncate>
    <KBadge v-for="n in 25" :key="n">
      Item {{ n }}
    </KBadge>
  </KTruncate>
</template>
```

## Props

### rows

Number of rows to truncate content at. Default value is `1`.

<KCard>
  <template v-slot:body>
    <KTruncate :rows="2">
      <KBadge v-for="n in 25" :key="n">
        Item {{ n }}
      </KBadge>
    </KTruncate>
  </template>
</KCard>

```html
<template>
  <KTruncate :rows="2">
    <KBadge v-for="n in 25" :key="n">
      Item {{ n }}
    </KBadge>
  </KTruncate>
</template>
```

### isTextContent

By default the component treats anything passed through the `default` slot as collection of HTML elements. Use this prop if you want to truncate text.

> When this prop is set tu true, component applies different logic - truncation is achieved through `-webkit-line-clamp` CSS property, rather than using height of child elements to determine the row height.

Reviewer: typo
```suggestion
When this prop is set to `true`, the component applies different logic; truncation is achieved via the `--webkit-line-clamp` CSS property rather than using the height of child elements to determine the row height.
```

      a mobile screen or a small widget. By truncating the text to a 
      short summary, it is possible to present the information in a more 
      organized and readable manner, allowing the user to quickly scan 
      and understand the main points of each item.</p>
      <p>The truncated text can also serve as a teaser, encouraging the user to click or tap to view the full content.</p>
  </KTruncate>
</template>
```

### isExpanded

If passed `true`, the component will be rendered expanded by default.

<KCard>
  <template v-slot:body>
    <KTruncate is-expanded>
      <KBadge v-for="n in 25" :key="n">
        Item {{ n }}
      </KBadge>
    </KTruncate>
  </template>
</KCard>

```html
<template>
  <KTruncate is-expanded>
    <KBadge v-for="n in 25" :key="n">
      Item {{ n }}
    </KBadge>
  </KTruncate>
</template>
```

## Slots

### default

Slot for content.

To ensure the best experience with the component, please pass elements of equal height in the default slot. The component will base its guess for the height of the element on the height of each individual sibling, so passing elements of equal height will result in a more accurate and consistent output.

:::tip TIP

> The component is reactive to it's dimensions changes. To see it in effect, try resizing your browser window and see the behavior of the example below.

Reviewer: typo
```suggestion
The component is reactive to its dimensions changes. To see this in action, try resizing your browser and notice the behavior of the example below.
```

:::

<KCard>
  <template v-slot:body>
    <KTruncate :rows="3">
      <KBadge v-for="n in 30" :key="n">
        Item {{ n }}
      </KBadge>
    </KTruncate>
  </template>
</KCard>

### expand-trigger

> Slot for custom expand trigger element. Slot props:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Slot for a custom expand trigger element. Slot props:
```

> - `excessElementsCount` (type: `Number`) - Number of elements that overflow. **Note**: this slot prop is only available when not `isTextContent`

Reviewer: question: instead of `excessElementsCount` would something like `truncatedCount` be easier/make more sense?

Author: Good idea, I like that name better

- `expand` (type: `Function`) - Function to expand

### collapse-trigger

> Slot for custom collapse trigger element. Slot props:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Slot for a custom collapse trigger element. Slot props:
```

- `collapse` (type: `Function`) - Function to collapse

> Example of using `expand-trigger` and `collapse-trigger` slots for creating custom toggle elements:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Example of using the `expand-trigger` and `collapse-trigger` slots for creating custom toggle elements:
```

<KCard>
  <template v-slot:body>
    <KTruncate>
      <KBadge v-for="n in 25" :key="n">
        Item {{ n }}
      </KBadge>
      <template #expand-trigger="{ excessElementsCount, expand }">
        <span class="custom-trigger" @click="expand">Show {{ excessElementsCount }} more</span>
      </template>
      <template #collapse-trigger="{ collapse }">
        <span class="custom-trigger" @click="collapse">Show less</span>
      </template>
    </KTruncate>
  </template>
</KCard>

```html
<template>
  <KTruncate>
    <KBadge v-for="n in 25" :key="n">
      Item {{ n }}
    </KBadge>
    <template #expand-trigger="{ excessElementsCount, expand }">
      <span @click="expand">Show {{ excessElementsCount }} more</span>
    </template>
    <template #collapse-trigger="{ collapse }">
      <span @click="collapse">Show less</span>
    </template>
  </KTruncate>
</template>

> ```

Reviewer: On the example here, the trigger IMO is too close to the items 
![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/2229946/217009069-38e13879-fe18-4433-9634-d73031c5a137.png)

Is it possible to add a little extra space between?

# Truncate

> **KTruncate** - A Kongponent that limits content to a specific number of lines and provides controls to expand or collapse it.

Reviewer: nit
```suggestion
**KTruncate** - A Kongponent that limits content to a specific number of lines and provides controls to show or hide the truncated content.
```

<KCard>
  <template v-slot:body>
    <KTruncate>
      <KBadge v-for="n in 25" :key="n">
        Item {{ n }}
      </KBadge>
    </KTruncate>
  </template>
</KCard>

```html
<template>
  <KTruncate>
    <KBadge v-for="n in 25" :key="n">
      Item {{ n }}
    </KBadge>
  </KTruncate>
</template>
```

## Props

### rows

> Number of rows to truncate content at. Default value is `1`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Number of rows to truncate content. Default value is `1`.
```

<KCard>
  <template v-slot:body>
    <KTruncate :rows="2">
      <KBadge v-for="n in 25" :key="n">
        Item {{ n }}
      </KBadge>
    </KTruncate>
  </template>
</KCard>

```html
<template>
  <KTruncate :rows="2">
    <KBadge v-for="n in 25" :key="n">
      Item {{ n }}
    </KBadge>
  </KTruncate>
</template>
```

### isTextContent

> By default the component treats anything passed through the `default` slot as collection of HTML elements. Use this prop if you want to truncate text.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default the component treats anything passed through the `default` slot as collection of HTML elements. Use this prop if you want to truncate elements that only contain text, such as one or more paragraph `<p>` tags.
```

> When this prop is set to `true`, the component applies different logic; truncation is achieved via the `-webkit-line-clamp` CSS property, rather than assessing the height of child elements to determine the row height.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When this prop is set to `true`, the component applies different logic; truncation is achieved via the `--webkit-line-clamp` CSS property, rather than assessing the height of child elements to determine the row height.
```

Author: It's actually `-webkit-line-clamp`, not `--webkit-line-clamp`

Reviewer: 😨 whoops

      <p>The truncated text can also serve as a teaser, encouraging the user to click or tap to view the full content.</p>
    </KTruncate>
  </template>
</KCard>

```html
<template>
  <KTruncate is-text-content :rows="3">
    <p>A good design decision to apply text truncation would be 
      when displaying a <b>large amount of textual content</b>, such as a list 
      of articles or product descriptions, in a limited space, such as 
      a mobile screen or a small widget. By truncating the text to a 
      short summary, it is possible to present the information in a more 
      organized and readable manner, allowing the user to quickly scan 
      and understand the main points of each item.</p>
      <p>The truncated text can also serve as a teaser, encouraging the user to click or tap to view the full content.</p>
  </KTruncate>
</template>
```

### isExpanded

> If passed `true`, the component will be rendered expanded by default.

Reviewer: nit
```suggestion
When `true`, the component will not truncate the content and the collapse trigger will be visible.
```

<KCard>
  <template v-slot:body>
    <KTruncate is-expanded>
      <KBadge v-for="n in 25" :key="n">
        Item {{ n }}
      </KBadge>
    </KTruncate>
  </template>
</KCard>

```html
<template>
  <KTruncate is-expanded>
    <KBadge v-for="n in 25" :key="n">
      Item {{ n }}
    </KBadge>
  </KTruncate>
</template>
```

## Slots

### default

> Slot for content.

Reviewer: nit
```suggestion
The content to truncate.
```

> To ensure the best experience with the component, please pass elements of equal height in the default slot. The component will base its guess for the height of the element on the height of each individual sibling, so passing elements of equal height will result in a more accurate and consistent output.

Reviewer: The explanation here is a little misleading if the user is providing paragraph text as the content. Does it make sense to note that here?

Author: Agree, maybe a little confusing -- added a note, specifying that this doesn't apply to text truncation scenarios

:::tip TIP
The component is reactive to its dimensions changes. To see this in action, try resizing your browser window and notice the behavior of the example below.
:::

<KCard>
  <template v-slot:body>
    <KTruncate :rows="3">
      <KBadge v-for="n in 30" :key="n">
        Item {{ n }}
      </KBadge>
    </KTruncate>
  </template>
</KCard>

### expand-trigger

Slot for a custom expand trigger element. Slot props:

> - `truncatedCount` (type: `Number`) - Number of elements that overflow. **Note**: this slot prop is only available when not `isTextContent`

Reviewer: nit: need an empty line before a list
```suggestion

- `truncatedCount` (type: `Number`) - Number of elements that overflow. **Note**: this slot prop is only available when not `isTextContent`
```
